# android-string-resource-translator
Automatically exported from code.google.com/p/android-string-resource-translator

<h1><a name="About"></a>About<a href="#About" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>An application that can take an Android project&#x27;s string.xml file and automatically translate it for multiple languages. </p><p>Version 2.0 was just released and it adds support for multiple translator sources. The most comprehensive is Microsoft Translator. </p><h2><a name="Supported_Languages"></a>Supported Languages<a href="#Supported_Languages" class="section_anchor"></a></h2><ul><li>Arabic </li><li>Bulgarian </li><li>Chinese (Simplified and Traditional) </li><li>Czech </li><li>Danish </li><li>Dutch </li><li>Estonian </li><li>Finnish </li><li>French </li><li>German </li><li>Greek (Modern) </li><li>Haitian Creole </li><li>Hebrew </li><li>Hungarian </li><li>Japanese </li><li>Korean </li><li>Italian </li><li>Latvian </li><li>Lithuanian </li><li>Norwegian </li><li>Polish </li><li>Portuguese </li><li>Romanian </li><li>Russian </li><li>Slovak </li><li>Spanish </li><li>Swedish </li><li>Thai </li><li>Turkish </li></ul><h1><a name="Instructions"></a>Instructions<a href="#Instructions" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><ol><li>Make sure you have a res/values/string.xml file in your Android Project and it has all the string resources you want to translate. </li><li>Download the zip file. </li><li>Extract the zip file and run <tt>AndroidStringResourceTranslator.exe</tt> </li><li>Select the base directory of your Android project. </li><ol><li>The directory should contain <tt>AndroidManifest.xml</tt> </li></ol><li>Select the <tt>Translation Provider</tt>. The default is the best one. </li><li>Select the <tt>Original Language</tt> The list is abbreviated with ISO639 lettering. En is english. (I&#x27;ll fix that later) </li><li>Click the Run button and wait. You&#x27;ll see the text &quot;Completed&quot; when it is finished. </li></ol><p><strong>It is important that you backup your project before you run this utility against it. I am not liable for damages to your project. </strong></p><p>This application requires .NET Framework 4.0 to use.<strong> </strong></p>
